feat(aggregation): allow to filter per sample output (#404)
metagenomics/metagenomics-tk: docs/pipeline_input.md

      path: test_data/SRA/samples.tsv
```

> ### Configurtion of input paameters of the aggregation mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration of input parameters of the aggregation mode
```
